welcome to the mana recaps this is the
Walking Dead Season ten episode nine at
the end of last episode alpha Lord our
crew down into a cave where she's hiding
her zombie horde they are trapped down
there how they gonna get out of this one
there's no way to climb back up where
they fell down the only way to go is
forward go through the zombie horde by
jumping on little rocks luckily these
rocks are in just the right places they
all make it over no problem Daryl master
of wilderness survival pulls out a match
and holds it around looking for where
the air is he's leaving the grip out of
the cave just like Gandalf in the mines
of Moria Daryl and Carol have a
heart-to-heart
they just add one last episode or he's
like hey you've been acting dumb all
season since Henry's death I know you
want revenge on alpha but you gotta be
smart immediately after that Carol's
solo chaste alpha into the woods without
thinking trapping them all in this
mineshaft he's like so same convo we had
last episode and she's like yeah okay I
see your point now then our crew has to
squeeze through a really tight space
Carol is apparently claustrophobic and
after watching this episode I realized I
am - as they crawl their way through
this very tight tunnel turns out some
zombies coming up behind them this is a
big problem for Jerry who is a real big
dude and he's not gonna make it through
know if Jerry my second favorite
character dies here like this I'm gonna
threaten to quit the show it would have
been an empty threat of course I still
have to watch the show to recap it for
you guys but luckily it's all good Jerry
makes it out okay the crew is almost out
it's the collapsed mineshaft they just
have to clear some debris in they're
home free
they find a big box of dynamite but
using that would definitely cave the
whole thing in meanwhile alpha pulls in
her lieutenants beta and the new gamma
it's like hey they went straight to the
field where the Horde just was before I
moved it they must have been sending
spies across the border she sends gamma
to the border to go search for these
spies of course we know gamma is the spy
then negan comes to see alpha while
she's taken a dump
remember he officially joined the
whisperers last episode even though he's
very bad at the no-talking thing but he
does have some great advice about ruling
an evil organization just like his
lieutenant Dwight was spying for the
good guys he figures that alpha spy is
probably gamma at first alphas not
interested she pulls a knife on
bawls negan's favorite thing in the
world but when alpha learns gammas
disappeared at the border she thinks
sneaking might be right
alpha leads sneaking into the woods like
hey you deserve a reward take your
clothes off negan's like what kind of
reward do I have to be naked for Oh Alf
was naked to negan's talked about his
junk so much she wants to see what it's
all about
negan has not been laid in like 10 years
so he's in for it I don't blame him I
predict this will be an unpopular
opinion but I mean I think alpha is kind
of hot she does want to keep the zombie
mask on okay that's where she'd lose me
in fact I assumed keeping this Omni mask
on implied a no kissing rule but I would
have been wrong about that one
and so negan and alpha get it on are
kings almost out when Carol's got
missing with a bunch of dynamite yeah
she's going back to where the Horde is
gonna try to blow it all up she fails
though with it almost falls off luckily
Daryl's there save her again she finally
breaks down crying she killed my boy
it's like yeah Carol we know we keep
having this conversation please stop
being dumb Carol's like you're right I'm
sorry but she does drop a dynamite which
explodes and yeah the whole cave is
shaken now Jerri the Hulk
single-handedly holds up the cave while
the rest of them can escape magma and
Connie are fighting some more walkers
that somehow got here they're like get
out here Jerry we'll hold them off and
so the two of them are still down there
when the whole place explodes oh no
don't tell me Connie's dead she and
Daryl we're just getting our romance
going it kind of looks like they're
still alive this exit just collapsed and
so Daryl's off on a one-man mission to
find another way in and rescue them
Carol's really sorry she knows it's
totally her fault that they were trapped
there in the first place and then that
the dynamite exploded Daryl doesn't say
anything to her but it's like yeah I
mean it is your fault and that's how
episode 9 comes to an end if you like
this recap hit that subscribe button I'm
bringing you the best recaps of TV and
movies so don't miss out
[Music]